# Project Name: **Seedling**

# Project Overview: 
## App that produces random numbers from a set of physically derived data points for use as seeds for cryptographically secure pseudorandom number generators (CSPRNG)

<details>
    <summary>About Seeds in CSPRNG:  Functionality</summary>
    User will be presented with a welcome page that allows user to upload or call physical measurement datasets from a database that can be used as the [**initial entropy**](https://cryptobook.nakov.com/secure-random-generators), (starting random data) also known as **seeds**, that a CSPRNG algorithm can expand to generate a token.  The minimum character length of the token will be 128 bits.  This app will then hash the token via SHA-256 to maintain integrity.  The token can be used for many functions including as a CSRF token and other secret tokens.  The goal of the app is to generate sufficiently random and cryptographically secure tokens for security applications by utilizing random physical data generated by devices or structures that produce and/or utilize zero emissions energy as seeds.  This will provide another functionality for these zero emissions devices with the potential of generating a source for real-time and continuous random data from monitors tracking the energy used and produced by the devices.
</details>

<details>
    <summary>About Datasets for Data Model</summary>
    1. App will utilize data points extracted from databases that store modelling, statistical, performance based and other useful measurements of the physical properties of devices or structures that generate and/or utilize zero emission energy.  Example of target dataset type:  [Proton Exchange Membrane Datasets](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/sepandhaghighi/proton-exchange-membrane-pem-fuel-cell-dataset); Additional citation for PEM dataset: S. Hamidi, S. Haghighi, K. Askari, Dataset of Standard Tests of Nafion 112 Membrane and Membrane Electrode Assembly (MEA) Activation Tests of Proton Exchange Membrane (PEM) Fuel Cell, ChemRxiv, (2020). doi:10.26434/chemrxiv.11902023.
    2. This app will need to call on other apps that provide access to databases that store physical measurements.  This app will need to temporarily store a limited amount of physical datasets introduced by the user in the form of a csv using python in the case that the user wishes to use their own datasets.  This app will need to call on another app to apply a known CSPRNG algorithm to generate a token.
    3. This app will need to call on another app(s) to generate a SHA-256 hash of the token.
</details>

<details>
    <summary>Schedule</summary>

    Tasks:
```
    - [  ]Create welcome page with a section to input random data as seed that will start the process of generating a hashed token.
    - [ ] Location for uploading or downloading of physically derived random measurement data.
    - [ ] Location to temporarily store user datasets as csv using Python.
    - [ ] For additional seed generation datasets can be calculated for minimums/maximum/inflection points on a graph generated by the datasets.  This can be visualized and calculated in a seperate webpage.  The additional data points can be added to the temporary database.
    - [ ] Create empty database to temporarily store datasets.
    -[ ] Create api call for databases, CSPRNG algorithms and SHA-256 encoders.
    - [ ] Create login/logout page and backend for the user to store their seeds in their accounts.
  ```  
    
    HTML/CSS/JavaScript will be used to prepare the webpages.  Python will be used for calculations and django functions and models.
</details>
